Experts tell us that kids need 60 minutes
of activity a day to grow up healthy,
and we know that regular physical activity boosts kids'
concentration and creativity, and is even linked to improved
academic performance.
Best of all, moving around is just plain fun.
And one of the most fun ways to get moving is by exploring
America's great outdoors.
No matter where you live, there are places near you to get out
and get active, from biking around your neighborhood to playing
tag or capture the flag in an urban park,
from hiking on a mountain trail to paddling around a lake or
catching an early morning wave.
The great outdoors is America's first and best playground.
So what are you waiting for?
Grab a backpack and get moving outside with your family today.
For more information on where to go and what to do outside,
visit LetsMove.gov.